README.md, before:

# social-network-api

![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue)

## Table of Contents:

- [Git-Repository](#git-repository)
- [Demo-Video](#walktrough-video)
- [Description](#description)
- [Pseudo-code-Description](#pseudo-code-description)
- [Build-Process](#build-process)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)

## Git Repository

I created a git repository folder that will host the finished project. The Repository will be found [here](https://github.com/pfansi/social-network-api)

## Link to the walktrough video

Application video [demo]()

## Description:

This project is to build an API for a social network web application where users can share their thoughts, react to friends’ thoughts, and create a friend list. We will use Express.js for routing, a MongoDB database, and the Mongoose ODM. Additionally a native JavaScript `Date` object to format timestamps will be used.

## pseudo code description

- created a readme file and the project described
- file structure created

## Build process

## Installation:

---

Run this command to install dependencies:

  <pre><code>
  npm install
  </code></pre>

## Usage:

---

Run this command to start the app:

  <pre><code>
  npm run start
  </code></pre>

## Tests:

Run this command to run the test

<pre><code>
  
  </code></pre>

## License:

[License: MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

# This Project is licensed under the MIT license

## Contributing:

Project is open for contributions.

## Questions:

- **Contact details:**
  - Github: [@pfansi](https://github.com/pfansi)
  - Email: pfansi76@gmail.com

## Screenshots

- Total test executed screenshot. br/
  ![screenshot]()

- Screenshot of the
  ![screenshot]()

Commit message:

created an environment in Insomnia to test all the API

README.md, after:

# social-network-api

![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue)

## Table of Contents:

- [Git-Repository](#git-repository)
- [Demo-Video](#walktrough-video)
- [Description](#description)
- [Pseudo-code-Description](#pseudo-code-description)
- [Build-Process](#build-process)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)

## Git Repository

I created a git repository folder that will host the finished project. The Repository will be found [here](https://github.com/pfansi/social-network-api)

## Link to the walktrough video

Application video [demo]()

## Description:

This project is to build an API for a social network web application where users can share their thoughts, react to friends’ thoughts, and create a friend list. We will use Express.js for routing, a MongoDB database, and the Mongoose ODM. Additionally a native JavaScript `Date` object to format timestamps will be used.

## pseudo code description

- created a readme file and the project described
- file structure created
- created an environment to test all the requested API end point for the application

## Build process

## Installation:

---

Run this command to install dependencies:

  <pre><code>
  npm install
  </code></pre>

## Usage:

---

Run this command to start the app:

  <pre><code>
  npm run start
  </code></pre>

## Tests:

Run this command to run the test

<pre><code>
  
  </code></pre>

## License:

[License: MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

# This Project is licensed under the MIT license

## Contributing:

Project is open for contributions.

## Questions:

- **Contact details:**
  - Github: [@pfansi](https://github.com/pfansi)
  - Email: pfansi76@gmail.com

## Screenshots

- Total test executed screenshot. br/
  ![screenshot]()

- Screenshot of the
  ![screenshot]()
